---
title: Home
---

Welcome to my notes on entrance exams of CS Master program, IST, UTokyo and CBMS Master program, GSFS, UTokyo.

ChatGPT-4o + Claude 3.5 Sonnet generated, in both Chinese and English.

Still under construction.

## About

This project aims to eliminate the information gap that exists in the entrance examination of the Department of Information Science and Technology, the University of Tokyo. The project provides a platform for sharing and discussing the answers to the entrance examination questions, breaking the wall of information. The project is open-source and welcomes contributions from everyone. The solutions and wiki sheets are generated by ChatGPT-4o + Claude 3.5 Sonnet.

## License

CC BY-NC-SA 4.0. (Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International)

All the contents in this project are licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License.

The questions of the Math problems in the Master Entrance Examination of the Department of Information Science and Technology, the University of Tokyo, are copyrighted by IST, the University of Tokyo.

## Links

- [UTokyo IST](https://www.i.u-tokyo.ac.jp/edu/entra/index.shtml)
  The official website of the admission information of the Department of Information Science and Technology, the University of Tokyo.

- [runjp.com](https://runjp.com)
  This project aims to provide an open-source, convenient, and shared place for sharing and discussing the answers to the entrance examination questions, breaking the wall of information.
