# IS Math Q2

Consider the following integral $I_n(\alpha)$ for $\alpha \geq 1$ and $n > 0$.

$$
I_n(\alpha) = \int_{\frac{1}{n}}^{n} \frac{f(\alpha x) - f(x)}{x} \, dx
$$

Assume that a real-valued function $f(x)$ is continuous and differentiable on $x \geq 0$, its derivative is continuous, and $\lim_{x \to \infty} f(x) = 0$. Answer the following questions.

1. Define $J_n(\alpha) = \frac{d I_n(\alpha)}{d \alpha}$. Show that $J_n(\alpha) = \frac{1}{\alpha} \left( f(\alpha n) - f\left(\frac{\alpha}{n}\right) \right)$.

   You can use the fact that the integration and the differentiation commute in this context.

2. Define $I(\alpha) = \lim_{n \to \infty} I_n(\alpha)$. Show that $\lim_{n \to \infty} J_n(\beta)$ exists for any $\beta \in [1, \alpha]$ and it uniformly converges on $[1, \alpha]$, and show that

   $$
   I(\alpha) = \int_{1}^{\alpha} \left( \lim_{n \to \infty} J_n(\beta) \right) d\beta.


$$

3. Obtain $I(\alpha)$.

4. Calculate the following integral. Note that $p > q > 0$.

   $$

   \int_{0}^{\infty} \frac{e^{-px} \cos(px) - e^{-qx} \cos(qx)}{x} \, dx

$$
   
---

考虑以下积分 $I_n(\alpha)$ 其中 $\alpha \geq 1$ 且 $n > 0$。

$$

I_n(\alpha) = \int_{\frac{1}{n}}^{n} \frac{f(\alpha x) - f(x)}{x} \, dx

$$

假设一个实值函数 $f(x)$ 在 $x \geq 0$ 上是连续且可微的，其导数是连续的，并且 $\lim_{x \to \infty} f(x) = 0$。回答以下问题。

1. 定义 $J_n(\alpha) = \frac{d I_n(\alpha)}{d \alpha}$。证明 $J_n(\alpha) = \frac{1}{\alpha} \left( f(\alpha n) - f\left(\frac{\alpha}{n}\right) \right)$。

   在这种情况下，你可以使用积分和微分可交换的事实。

2. 定义 $I(\alpha) = \lim_{n \to \infty} I_n(\alpha)$。证明 $\lim_{n \to \infty} J_n(\beta)$ 对于任何 $\beta \in [1, \alpha]$ 存在并且在 $[1, \alpha]$ 上一致收敛，并证明

   $$

   I(\alpha) = \int_{1}^{\alpha} \left( \lim_{n \to \infty} J_n(\beta) \right) d\beta.

$$

3. 求 $I(\alpha)$。

4. 计算以下积分。注意 $p > q > 0$。

   $$

   \int_{0}^{\infty} \frac{e^{-px} \cos(px) - e^{-qx} \cos(qx)}{x} \, dx

$$
